Miss Ye has good eyesight
You recognize me?
Lord Longhua
Why are you here?
I heard that Miss Ye
I have portraits hanging at home and at work.
Admire me very much
Just meet Miss Ye
Yes I have adored you for several years
I think you are the king of men
Hero of kings
You have a good eye.
It just so happens that my family is urging marriage
Miss Li, see if you are willing to develop with me
Lord Dragon Emperor
What you said
Is that right?
I am a dragon
One word
How can you talk nonsense
As long as the Dragon Emperor is willing
Then I'm sure
Surely Ken would like to?
Very good you come with me I have something for you
Lord Huang must be sending me a token of love
God, happiness came so suddenly
Yeah, OK.
Dragon Emperor posing as Lao Tzu